898- Content formatting edits (#900)
datatrails/datatrails-docs: content/developers/developer-patterns/3rdparty-verification/index.md

DataTrails provides a merkle log for each tenant.
Only the portions of the logs that attest to records that are still of interest need be retained.
And only for the specific tenants of interest.

This article provides the information needed to address three scenarios:

1. Detect if DataTrails improperly updates the log, and prove that to others
1. Be able to produce proof that an event is in a log after DataTrails has improperly updated their copy
1. Full independent verification of events, without recourse to DataTrails

Each of these can be accomplished using the veracity `replicate-logs` and `watch` commands to check the log operation and replicate some or all of log data.

The first two goals require replication and verification of at least the most recently updated log section.
The second goal requires retention of the local log sections verifying any event that is still of value.
The last goal, full independent *verification*, requires retention of the verifiable log data and the ability to reproduce the original event.

With a trusted local copy of the verifiable data, even after you detect a tamper, you can chose to rely on DataTrails storage of your event.

> When the event is fetched, if it can be verified against local log data, knowing that the DataTrails log remains correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the event is fetched, if it can be verified against local log data, you have proven that the DataTrails storage of your event remains correct.
```

  {{< /tab >}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Replicating the logs for the tenants with activity

To automatically replicate the logs that changes are detected for pipe the output of `watch` into `replicate-logs`
## Replicating the Logs for the Tenants With Activity

{{< tabs >}}
   {{< tab name="bash" >}}
To automatically replicate the logs that changes are detected for, pipe the output of `watch` into `replicate-logs`

   ```bash
   veracity watch \
   | veracity \
       replicate-logs --replicadir merklelogs
   ```
- Replicate the logs for all tenants that have been active in the default time horizon

   This will replicate the logs for all tenants that have been active in the default time horizon
  {{< tabs >}}
    {{< tab name="bash" >}}

  {{< /tab >}}
{{< /tabs >}}
  ```bash
  veracity watch | \
    veracity \
    replicate-logs --replicadir merklelogs
  ```

{{< note>}} Take care with larger time horizons, you may run into issues with rate limiting.{{< /note >}}
    {{< /tab >}}
  {{< /tabs >}}

## Replicating just the latest changes to your log
{{< note>}} Take care with larger time horizons, it may trigger issues with rate limiting.{{< /note >}}

> By default, your full tenant log is replicated. The storage requirements are

Reviewer: I'm happy to remove this, but do we not need to cover the local storage requirements some where ? Maybe the command line help is a better place

Reviewer: ah you just moved it!
